Assignment 2: dartboard detector

This assignment detects dartboards in a set of images combining a object detector that uses Haar-like features generated by a boosting procedure with a line detector and a circle detector.
The detector (or strong classifier) is the file darcascade.xml. It's generated taking a set of positive and negative images (images that contain dartboards and images that don't contain dartboard) and extracting common features.
Nevertheless, the generated detector produces a lot of false positives (no false negatives in the given set of images though). In order to eliminate the false positives we assume that real dartboards have lots of lines inside them, so we remove the possible dartboards that don't have a minimum number of lines. We also assume that real dartboards have circles that have centers inside them, so we count the number of circles that each possible dartboard have inside them. Thyus, we only consider dartboards that have at least 1 circle inside them.

This program detects all the dartboards from the given set of images, having only one false positive in the dart7.jpg file.
When you run the program, it will generate files beginning with "output" highlighting the detected dartboards. Feel free to add more images. You will only need to follow the naming standard (dartnumber.jpg) and increase the loop size in the main function.

Compiling and running instructions:

g++ dart.cpp /usr/local/opencv-2.4/lib/libopencv_core.so.2.4 /usr/local/opencv-2.4/lib/libopencv_highgui.so.2.4 /usr/local/opencv-2.4/lib/libopencv_imgproc.so.2.4 /usr/local/opencv-2.4/lib/libopencv_objdetect.so

./a.out
